to remember this type of music is
typically played in nightclubs on 18
inch or larger woofers and subwoofers we
go well Victoria disc jockey drew bets
music technology is turning home into a
creative work space so this is the
stereo this is where it all happens this
is my computer music setup with gadgets
and gizmos he's making waves
internationally also known as DJ Vespers
drew is in full production of break be a
form of dance or electronic music it's a
whole DJ culture that has emerged you're
seeing it in mass marketing and there's
definitely there's definitely a market
for the music there's a lot of promoters
almost every single night of the week
throughout the city that are throwing
events with DJs from around the world
and they're supporting up-and-coming
artists from Victoria as well it's yeah
it's a very very supportive very
cohesive seen here in Victoria one of
the things I like to vote it the most
near and dear to his heart his saxophone
my music I think my background as an
acoustic musician I've been had my roots
in with the saxophone with a lot of jazz
a lot of improvisation so I'm used to
making music up on the spot
playing music that just comes from the
heart is feeling it and going that's
what jazz improvisation is and I think a
lot of that character comes through in
my electronic music it's music that has
a lot of emotion in it it's music that's
very melodic and you know I liken it to
almost like composing a symphony I have
a lot of different elements in my music
and it's stuff that that I'm very
passionate about out of all the things
that I've done with music incorporating
this has been something I've gotten the
best feedback from from the crowds
because it's something different it's
something new